>> Sarah Drasner: We can also
make a page specific hooks.
So sometimes, we want one page
to transition out a certain way,
and another one to transition
in a different way.
In that case,
in our export default for that page,
remember how our pages are just view
files in that page's directory,
we would write export default, and then,
we would say transition, whatever.
Another name, and then,
we have that name for the hook, instead.
I could have the page bounced out
like we had the ball bounced out,
we shouldn't do that.
But, [LAUGH] I'm just saying
that that is a possibility,
you could plug into animate.css
stuff if you so desire.
So then, we have fadeOpacity-enter-active,
fadeOpacity-leave-active.
We can even scope it if we want to.
We don't necessarily need to, because
it's just applying to that page as it is.
So there we go, and then,
this one will fade instead.
So the other ones are going like this,
and then,
that one in specific is going to
use a different type of animation.
Page-specific JavaScript hooks,
that's really where the good
stuff is at in my mind.
We have all of that
goodness available to us.
But the way that we're going to plug
into it, is going to be the way
that they have for us,
like exactly on that export default.
So instead of writing
a transition component,
we're not actually wrapping
things in a transition component.
We're going to say transition, and
then, we're going to say mode, out in.
We're gonna say css false,
we're gonna say beforeLeave, leave,
beforeEnter, enter, and all these
things so we can cancel all of those.
And these are all just available
to us on each specific page, or
in that default layouts.
Remember, we had the default layouts
area where we could designate things?
So if we look at some of the code that it
took to power that max transition page,
we have a beforeEnter, that looks very
similar to our beforeEnter from before.
We have enter, the el, and done.
In this case, I'm using TweenMax, not
timeline, so I can just say done, instead.
And I can have a bunch of different code.
Here, this is ridiculous,
don't ever do this.
I'm just showing you that a lot of
things are possible here, [LAUGH].
It's sometimes fun to make dumb things for
other people [LAUGH].
So I had some single elements in there.
I can plug into single elements, as well.
Probably good to use a refs,
to use refs in this instance.
So you could say this dot
refs on the components.
So if you're used to react, that's a
really quick way of referring to that DOM
element, but some of these libraries allow
you to access that DOM node directly,
and it's a little bit redundant.
So for green sock,
I'm just plugging into that h1.
And I can also plug into Lifecycle Hooks,
like I did before, as well.